docs: Fix instructions to check if `Development.SABIModule` was requested (#957)
scikit-build/scikit-build-core: docs/cmakelists.md

If you are making a Limited API / Stable ABI package, you'll need the
`Development.SABIModule` component instead (CMake 3.26+). You can use the

> `Python_Development.SABIModule_FOUND` variable to check to see if it was

Author: ```suggestion
`SKBUILD_LIMITED_ABI` variable to check to see if it was
```

Reviewing changes introduced in https://github.com/scikit-build/scikit-build-core/pull/333/files, I just realized that it should have been `SKBUILD_LIMITED_ABI ` instead of `SKBUILD_LIMITED_API `
